create table dish (
id int (10) AUTO_INCREMENT,
name varchar(100) NOT NULL,
ingridients varchar(200) NOT NULL,
receipt varchar(3000) NOT NULL,
PRIMARY KEY (id)
);

INSERT INTO dish (NAME,ingridients,receipt)
VALUES ('Potato pancakes','potatoes,flour,onions,eggs,oil,milk',
 'Grate potatoes and give the mass a good squeeze.Put potatoes into the large bowl,
  add an onion, egg, flour, salt, milk, oil and pepper.Heat some oil in the frying pan.
  Put some potato mass onto the frying pan with the tablespoon.
   Fry draniki for 2-3 minutes, then flip then and fry on the other side.Serve hot with sour cream.');
INSERT INTO dish (NAME,ingridients,receipt)
   VALUES ('Meat dumplings','flour,onions,eggs,oil', '3 glasses of flour sift into the bowl.
   Blend the eggs with salt in another bowl.Pour the eggs into the bowl with the flour and add some water.
   Mix the mass until the dough is homogeneous.
   Let the dough stand still for 20 minutes.Place the dough on the table, add some more flour if necessary and knead it for 10 minutes.
   Put the dough into the plastic bag and place it into the fridge.
   Take the minced meat and add chopped onions, salt and pepper to prepare the stuffing for pelmeni.
   Dust the table with flower. Make the roll from the dough and cut it into small pieces.
   Then make the dough pieces flat and thin.
   Place some minced meat into the center of a piece of dough piece and pinch edges with the help of the fork or with your fingertips.
   Repeat this step for the rest of the dough and minced meat.Boil the water and put pelmeni into it. Add some salt and a bay leaf.
   Serve hot with sour cream or butter');
INSERT INTO dish (NAME,ingridients,receipt)
   VALUES ('Berries miracle','flour,sugar,eggs,butter,condensed milk,baking powder,vanilla sugar,gelatin,powdered sugar,lemon juice,berries', 'Blend 2 yolks and whites, add the sugar, vanilla, 150 grams of condensed milk and sifted flour with baking powder. Mix.
   Pour the dough into the baking dish and put in the oven at 170-180 degrees. When the cake is golden brown, it’s ready.
   150 grams of condensed milk mix with butter and whip them with the mixer.
   Berries (cranberries, currants, sea buckthorn) wipe through a sieve with sugar add the gelatin to make jelly.
   Baked sponge cake cut in half. Put the jelly onto the lower part and let it to harden. Cover the cake with the top part of sponge cake.
   Prepare frosting from sugar with 1 egg white. Smear the top layer. The sides of the cake coat with melted chocolate.
   Decorate the cake with ornaments made of chocolate.
   Serve with tea or coffee.');
INSERT INTO dish (NAME,ingridients,receipt)
   VALUES ('Russian beet soup','beet,beef,oil,onions,carrots,bay leaves,garlic,tomato paste,salt', 'Put the beet into a saucepan filled with water. Boil until it’s fully prepared.
   Take another saucepan and place the meat into it. Simmer the beef for an hour and a half. Add a little salt and some spices (if you wish).
   Grate the carrot.
   Grate the boiled beet.
   Chop the cabbage.
   Chop the onions.
   Fry the onions in the frying pan (with oil) for some minutes.
   Put the cabbage into the frying pan, add some salt and cook for 5-7 minutes.
   Add the carrots and the tomato paste, stir, cover with a lid and stew for 5 minutes.
   Squeeze the garlic and add a bit of parsley.
   Take the beef out of the water. Cut the meat. Put the vegetables and the bay leaf into the broth. Boil for half an hour.
   At the end, add the beet and the meat into the borsch.
   Serve with sour cream and bread.');
